Okay. Hi, everybody. Jay Shimano-Jean. Pleasure to be here. Thanks for inviting me. And you
probably should ask me a question because I don't know exactly what particular specific
thing you guys wanted to talk about. I think it had something to do with Kanan Johari,
but if you want to ask me a question, probably be the best.
I don't have any specific question to ask you, Steve. I thought you had a particular
story that you wanted to share. Joe, do you have maybe a question for Steve?
Can you tell us your experience when you went up to Kanan Johari for the first time with
Michael? Yeah, that would be great. That's what I thought. I thought it was about Kanan
Johari. That's good. Well, I was in New York. I lived in New York in the 90s, in 1994, 95.
Shimano-Jean had moved us there. She bought a house in Yonkers, and about six families
lived in the house, six yogi families. So I had a relationship with New York. I was
living there for during that time, and then I was coming back and forth and staying for
extended periods of time in later years. I don't remember the exact date. If anybody
remembers when Shimano-Jean purchased Kanan Johari, that'd be great. But I do remember
being—I was the errand boy in the suite on 57th Street, Shimano-Jean's. I think they
rented an apartment for Shimano-Jean for three, four months, quite a long time, above 57th
Street, a really nice place. The errand boy consisted of going out and running around
New York City, getting stuff, getting things, prescriptions or anything that was needed
from Duane's. Usually, that's a place in New York is like a pharmacy that has everything.
Another place now we have is called CBS, but the idea is that it's one of those
you can buy everything stores, and there are a lot of them in New York City.
When I remember a few things, one was they were looking in the newspaper for land, and
they were looking at classifieds or the realty classifieds,
and then there was a moment where they went through some things and turned the page
or went on to the next column, but they had passed by what was then to become Kanan Johari.
And Shimano-Jean said, no, wait, wait, go back. And they didn't know where to go. And she said,
no, back that way and then down this way. It's directing the person who had the paper.
And then they said here and they said, yes, she said, look there. And then of course,
they read out what was to become the land deal for Kanan Johari. It was,
I forget how many acres for what price, but it was a very good price. And everybody was very excited
at that point because kind of a needle in the haystack, Shimano-Jean had pinpointed the place to
go to find out about it and to buy ultimately. So soon after, and again, I don't remember the
exact days and dates and how much time transpired between all these things. I do remember being in
the same apartment and this would have been after our trip up to Kanan Johari, but I do remember
Shimano-Jean signing. This was only a few of us there, Gagan, Count and myself, and I don't know,
maybe one other person. I remember the document, the deed or whatever it is that Shimano-Jean
signed to purchase Kanan Johari. And I just was in such close proximity that I had this
feeling that I was watching history unfold and as if you were in a room when the Declaration
of Independence was being signed or some great document was being signed. I had this
feeling that I was in the presence of a historical moment and I was extra attentive of every
move of Shimano-Jean's hand because as she signed it, it was a moment of great importance. And I was
very grateful to be there. And then as far as the the reconnaissance trip up to Kanan Johari,
I stayed, we were all scheduled to leave the next day to go up to Kanan Johari. And
there were to be two cars, one with myself and Michael, Michael Fisselli, who now lives up in
Albany, near Albany. And the other car was Shimano-Jean's car and I believe maybe Harsh was
remember exactly who was in the car. But so I remember sleeping over at Michael's. I think he
lived up in the Bronx. And so I remember kind of a night full of anticipation and looking forward
to the next day and having some brotherly moments inside, which was fun. And then there we went. We
had a kind of a convoy with mother's car, Shimano-Jean's car and Michael's, I don't know,
Chevy or whatever it was, small car. And at one point we stopped, before we got to the land,
we stopped at McDonald's. You know, honestly, it could have been before, it could have been after,
but I do remember going to McDonald's and having, you know, a burger and Pepsi or whatever, Coke,
and Shimano-Jean joking around about the, you know, Coca-Cola and that kind of thing.
And then when we went to the actual land, it happened to be that Michael and I were just a
little bit ahead of Shimano-Jean's car. So we just spontaneously got out of the car and it was just
this little, you know, round patch where you could park your car. The rest was just, I don't know,
knee high or maybe hip high grass, you know, green grass, you know, if you've been to Kanchoharie,
you know, there's this sense to all green, very green and a very soothing grass that grows.
And of course it probably hadn't been cut in any way for a long time.
So we just spontaneously just started running into this grass and just kind of like, if you
can imagine, you know, a couple cubs or bear cubs or something like that, just we started
tackling each other and rolling around in the grass and we were just screaming for joy,
youthful, and I think we were both maybe in our late 20s. And just a spontaneous, you know,
expression of joyous innocence and fun and brotherly love as we kind of just rolled around
in the grass. And I believe, you know, I mean, I guess technically we're probably the first two
yogis to go on the land, but not that that means too much other than the fact that there was this
beautiful moment of joy that I think we were able to have. And that would be, you know, a forerunner
of so much joy later at this happening now. So we, you know, got back to the
whole patch of land and Shrimadaji's car got, you know, arrived. And then
Shrimadaji got out of the car, but she didn't stay too long. Really she looked around
and said something like, it's beautiful, isn't it? Or, you know,
she looked at us and, you know, acknowledged obviously that we were in a good state of
happiness and joy. And really we left after that. It wasn't a long visit. Shrimadaji didn't sit down
or we didn't have a picnic. We didn't walk around too much. I think the whole idea was just
for Shrimadaji to see the land and vibrate it. She obviously knew what the significance was. She
knew all about the land. And it probably would have been right after that that she
went ahead and signed the document in that moment that I mentioned,
that I call the moment of witnessing history in the making. So those, you know, that's really the
story. It was that initial finding of Kanjohari in the newspaper, which was one of those kind of
miracle moments where people are spinning the pages and missing it. And then Shrimadaji
directed them back. She knew where it was. Then there was the trip up to Kanjohari and that
incredible feeling of exuberance that we felt immediately went on the land. And then of course
the signing of the document itself that was, like I said, probably the slowest. It's as if
there was slow motion. You know how the slow motion is. It's just maybe it was the way that
Shrimadaji signs her name, but it went as if, maybe it was my attention, but it went as if it
were in elongated time, stretched out. And as I can say, I can remember it as if, you know,
it's like I'm seeing it right now in my mind. So that's the story. And I'm interested to hear what
Michael might say, what his experience was. He might be able to fill in a few gaps in terms of
the date and that because, you know, he drove and he may have a few more details. So
good to talk with him about it as well.
Thanks. Thanks so much, Steve. I'm just going to pause the recording a minute.
Excellent. So thanks, Mark, if you can share your memories. That was brilliant.
Greetings, everyone. My name is Mark Mays, Sahaja Yogi originally from Seattle.
And Steve had just recounted his memories from when the land was first purchased.
And I'm not sure what the gap was between when the land was first purchased and we actually
developed the land. But I was asked to come out and help put in the electrical on the
Pendle that was going to be constructed. And so there was going to be a puja weekend.
Shrimaji was going to arrive on Friday night for the entertainment program.
And I showed up on the Saturday before, seven days before, and there was 14 holes in the ground
and nothing else. And so I looked at this and I was like, you got to be kidding me. We're going
to build a Pendle, install the electrical, drill wells, build a kitchen, all this in seven days.
And I was just like, wow. And so then there was actually 14 holes, seven on each side. And they
were full of rebar that had to be redone. And they said, yeah, we're going to pour the cement today,
but it'll have to come tomorrow. And these big footings were for the big metal cross beams
that were going to be there. Seven of these cross beams, they connected with boards, and then the
skin of the Pendle would go on top of that. And so I'm thinking, this is Saturday. How are you
going to get a cement truck out here on a Sunday in the middle of nowhere? I says, I find that hard
to believe that's going to happen. So I wake up the next morning, and sure enough, there's cement
trucks out there on a Sunday in the middle of nowhere, filling up those holes for the footings.
And that was the first of many, oh, this can't happen things, where I was wrong and wrong and
wrong again over the next week. The Divine obviously had other things in mind than my
pessimistic thoughts about what could happen. And so the main Pendle was being constructed
over the next few days. I was out gathering electrical supplies and electrical panels,
circuit breakers, you know, conduits and wires and lights and light switches and outlets,
all the stuff that one would need to electrify the Pendle. And so I'm kind of wondering,
who's going to help me do this? And I met this one guy named Hanuman from Argentina, like, on about
Tuesday or so. And he says, Oh, yeah, Uncle, I can find some people to help, don't worry.
And so then Wednesday rolled around, and we were trying to get some lighting around the camp,
so people would be stumbling in the dark. And there was this guy, forget his name, from Austria,
who was an electrician. And he kept reminding me a number of times that he wired Cabela.
But their electrical system is quite a bit different than ours. And he was wanting to
do things to the European standard, using really expensive materials, which we didn't have budget
for. So very challenging interactions. And so then, Thursday morning, rolled up,
Shamai just coming the next day, I jumped out of my tent. And so, oh, man, I better get busy.
I'll meditate later. Well, I never did meditate that day, I was quote, too busy. So I kind of had
a major falling out with this guy from Austria, we kind of lost it with him. And I went out to the
van that had all the electrical supplies in it. And somebody had taken the van on a run to New York
to pick up some of these at the airport. So all the electrical supplies that I needed, were there
most of them. I couldn't believe it. It says, how could they have done this? So then, I took
one of the vans and finished getting buying up the rest of the electrical supplies I needed.
And nothing was going right that day. I mean, I didn't meditate. You know,
got in kind of an argument with this guy from Austria. You know, the van took off. I had to
drive all the way to Albany to get the supplies. Everything was taking too long. I get back,
you know, just before dusk, maybe an hour before dusk and slam the door to the van and realize I
just locked the keys in the van. So I'm like, fitting into a miserable day. So then these
Uvas come over and they go, Uncle, uncle, and they're very bright, cheery voices. Can we help?
Can we help? And I said, look, I just locked the keys in the van. What are you going to do?
Oh, well, maybe we can find a coat hanger. I said, yeah, whatever. And so I kind of blew them off.
And I got my cell phone. I'm trying to find reception out there. I'm going to try and find
a locksmith, right? You know, I'm still going through my brain doing all these mental activity
solutions, mental solutions to all my problems. So I'm about a minute and a half into the phone
call trying to find a locksmith and I hear this, Jai Srimadaji, Jai Srimadaji, Jai Srimadaji.
And they go, Uncle, look, the door is unlocked. And I go, what? And
like sure enough, the door was unlocked. I felt totally humbled. I hadn't used Sahaja Yoga once
the whole day. I tried solving every problem with my ego and my brain. And the Uvas, you know,
showed me quite clearly how Sahaja Yoga works, especially in these moments of importance,
you know, getting ready for a puja. So totally humbled. I grabbed the keys, thanked them,
went off and I went to bed that night. And the next morning, so it's Friday, we haven't done
any of the electrical work yet, except I think we wired in a transformer. And so somebody comes up,
said, Mark, Mark, hurry up, hurry up, you have to get up. We have to do the electrical today.
Srimadaji is coming tonight. And I said, Nope, I'm going to go meditate first. I made a mistake
the day before. So I went in to the Pendal, they had a stage at that point, and Srimadaji's photo,
and they a little altered. So I sat there quietly, closed my eyes, raised my kundalini.
And said, Srimadaji, you are the doer. There's no way I can do what needs to be done today.
I can't do this without your help. And so I sat there meditating. I kind of heard somebody
walking around me like very close and that I didn't really know what was going on.
But I opened my eyes for my meditation, looked up, some sweet yogini had brought me a plate of
my breakfast. And so I didn't even have to go get breakfast is right there. So I was eating
my breakfast and Hanuman, which I hadn't seen for days comes up, hey, uncle, I found a crew of people
to help us today. So I had four helpers right there, finished my breakfast, and we got started.
And it was amazing how smoothly and quickly and effortlessly things went that day when I meditated,
surrendered to Srimadaji. And I remember there was one moment where I was on this really tall
ladder, we were passing some of the conduits over the top of the pendal. And I looked down and
people were like working on the stage, there was like, I don't know, 100 people or more just
scurrying about decorating the pendal, setting up for the stage. They were still building the ramp
for the stage for Srimadaji's wheelchair and just all this activity going on. And it was almost like
I was looking at this time warp that things were happening at a speed that wasn't really possible,
including the work that we were doing. And so we just kept plugging away all day long.
And we made some very simple light fixtures just using some conduits to some poles with light
fixtures at the end. And they were on all 14 of those big metal cross beams that went across,
we put one on each one, so there were seven on each side. And we kind of got lucky because we
didn't have tons of light. But the inside of the metal skins of the frame were painted white,
so they were really reflective. So by pure luck, we got by with the amount of light that we had.
So and by this time, here it is, it's starting to get dark out, the pendal's starting to fill up
with yogis. And we still haven't, we just finished putting all the lights on, wired in the
entertainment center, got all the receptacles wired in, all the switches in. And we went to
flip on the switches on the stage, on the right hand side of the stage, and they all come on,
all the yogis start clapping, oh, we're gonna have light. And then we went to turn on the other side
and the circuit breaker tripped. And I was like, oh my goodness, we got a short circuit somewhere.
So then I went up to Goggin, I said, hey Goggin, I suppose we could get by with just like one row
of lights. And he was like, well, you know, Mark, Shimadeji's coming and we really need to do our
best. And he wasn't going to let me go off easy. So we went through and we disconnected, you know,
and decided to disconnect one light at a time to figure out where the short circuit was.
And it wound up being the second light from the front, which happened to be shining on
the overhead screen, where there was going to be a projection onto the screen. And if that light
had been on, it would have washed out the screen. So that light wasn't supposed to be on. So the
divine worked out every single little detail. And so we had lights, the light that would have washed
out the screen was off. And I was like, J. Shimadeji, I couldn't believe it. So I walked out,
I was going to go to my tent and shower up and get ready for the evening program. And when I'm
walking from the Pendle to my tent, I hear the conscious blowing announcing Shimadeji's arrival.
She came like, literally minutes after we finished and had everything done.
She knew exactly when to come. She was staying like, I don't know, an hour or more away from
from Kanawha land. And she knew exactly when to leave to be there exactly when she was supposed
to be. And I just shook my head. J. Shimadeji. And, you know, it was really a miracle
that happened. And it was funny, I was telling this story in the LA ashram some years later.
And one of those Yubas who was then now a lawyer in UK somewhere, she says,
Yeah, so Uncle Mark, do you know what really happened? I go, No, how did you guys
unlock that door? She said, We just sat there and we just raised our hands like this
to the door lock and said J. Shimadeji three times. And they said they could see the door
lock just sort of shaking vibrating and finally just came up. So it was literally a miracle,
but it just totally recalibrated my whole attitude. You know, when I didn't use Sahaja Yoga,
it was a disaster. When I did use Sahaja Yoga, surrender to Shimadeji, everything worked out
beautifully and in the most impossible way. All my week long doubts about being able to
build a pendal and get water and build a kitchen and all the stuff that we needed to do just
was shown what the divine can do how powerful divine is, if we just surrender to it. And it
truly was a miracle. Getting that that pendulum the grounds done in a week, I'm not even sure
a crack team of professionals could have done it. But so anyway, that's my story.
That's just amazing. I'm just gonna pause the recording.
Okay.
Hola. Come with Stan. Hi, how are you? I am Patricia Mays. I live in Florida now we was living in
Washington State until last year. So I'm and my mother is Doris Mendez from Colombia.
We are going to tell the stories of Kaniyia Hari also we saw Kaniyia Hari since the beginning.
And in 2000, my mother is going to tell first her story and I'm going to translate.
Okay, she's Doris Mendez de Acosta. She's from Colombia.
She's going to tell the story of the experience that she has in 2000 in Kaniyia Hari with Shimadeji.
She meet with my mother and I co-ive in Kaniyia Hari happened.
In 2000, they rent a house in the little town in Canaliojari for Shimateli because in the land we didn't have a house in that time.
So they rent two homes, one for Shimateli and the next one for the yogis, they care her.
We received a letter from the
public in the house in Canaliojari and we were able to find it with all the people from Colombia
and the last few Colombian and South American people.
We turned around and we received a letter from Colombia and we received a letter from
the people from the house in Canaliojari, in the night.
And the Colombians arranged, all the South Americans arranged the house of Shimateli there.
And we were waiting for her at the little house, more like 12 or 14 yogis, most of them Colombians and some South Americans.
And we received her with garlands and flowers and she decided to invite us to the house and sit down next to her at her feet and come with us.
She asked the coordinator of Colombia to help us with the problems of the violence that is happening in Colombia.
And she asked the photographers to help us with the difficult things that are happening in the country.
So the Shimateli asked for Colombia, what happened in Colombia, how is it in Colombia?
And she asked how the country is doing. So Marilu that was the leader in that time, she showed Shimateli some kind of pictures of the situation, political situation in Colombia, that was very hard in that time.
It was a lot of violence.
When Marilu showed us the photographs, I started to feel very, very space and very happy.
Marilu was very happy with all the Colombians and Colombians.
The repetition, the repetition of the words, Marilu said, I'm sorry, Marilu.
So when Marilu was the leader of Colombia in that time, she showed Shimateli these pictures and told her the situation.
My mother was there with all of us, was there, the Colombians, and she asked inside her, please Shimateli, forgive all the Colombians, forgive all the violence in Colombia, forgive all the problems in Colombia.
So they really, she started feeling herself like a fire in her body, and like a very strong, strong fire in her body.
She started feeling a very strong kind of moment of fire inside her, like something was burning.
And she still said, forgive Shimateli, forgive all the Colombians.
And she started feeling very hot and very kind of almost feeling like she's going to vent there and burn herself there.
And she got a little bit afraid.
Yes.
At that moment, I thought that, I thought that Marilu could maybe be a Colombian or her father, or my father, to go to the country.
But she said, Marilu, if you have to move, I'm your father.
So she said, forgive me.
So in that moment, she feels like she's going to die. So she said, Oh, mother, please forgive us. If I have to die this moment, please forgive me and I am surrender completely to you, surrender everything to you.
And that moment when she asked, when she said I surrender completely to your divine powers, she started feeling like completely cool, more relaxed, and the soul started more cooling down and started feeling the cool breeze and completely the chains of the vibrations was in that moment.
In the place of the house, the place of the house.
And we all thought we were going to have a good time in the world of marriage.
Next day, next day. Yeah.
Next day, she, she might be asked to the yogi that was there in the house to put some water at her lotus feet.
She was in the garden outside the house. And she asked, please, the yogis are there, please put water at my feet. So my mother was there.
Hey, hey, yo, feel our team a kilo kilo for a see. She was the last one to offer the water.
Lo y se con toda la tensio me more lent a minty.
He la la la tiara.
But it's yet to be that a second. I see I'm going to read or a la la tiara commuses to be a reseka, but oh yeah muchas personas, and to me I am pass over to our work.
A, a, a, my study in Pianua Columbia.
So she put the water. She was the last one to put the water at the feet of she might be. And when she put the water, she saw that the water, make a very strong sound like something was absorbing very strong song like it was very thirsty and the water was very
come to with a lot of force.
And in that moment she kind of surprised a little bit. And she say inside her mother, maybe you are cleaning more Columbia with your lotus feet.
If you let me know so who's in menses grandes. So to me, he is this was a member who does it Columbia comista Columbia.
Me twont
a Camila 850
funny story,
then versus
So, she, she might be in that moment, turn around and look at my, my mother and Doris.
So her eyes and us, how is Columbia.
How is everything.
Are you going to Kabela this year who is going to Kabela from Columbia.
And she also asked for the fabric that we as a Colombians we put all over the house
we put in the, in the, in the tablecloth in her bedroom in his cartons and everywhere
was a fabric that they bring from Colombia.
So she was asking about the fabric, how much cotton they have and she was talking a lot
about Colombia.
And then that moment my mother feeling more relaxing and more relaxing.
She felt that that moment she feel like she might feel her soul with a lot of love, and
she feel like it's a, the hope to the whole country and the whole.
She feel like more connected and more in reality.
And in that moment feeling like more light.
And after that, she feel she left, and she feel like so much joy during the whole weekend.
And she feel like she was so much love.
She was having a lot of love and compassion from the Divine Mother, the whole weekend
she feel connected and the vibrations was very lifted.
And at the end, she told everybody that we have to ask for peace for Colombia, and to
finish the, the gorillas that was in that time very strong in Colombia.
I still feel that now, but that time was very strong.
And after that, they start kind of expressing that is the story of Canalejar, more or less
that she has for you guys.
She has another story.
But Patricia, if Doris would like to tell her other story as well, while she's here,
that would be lovely.
Okay, now it's my story.
Okay.
I don't know you understood everything I say before.
It's okay.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
We are we have also I was in the same house when she came to Canalejar.
And it was a very amazing moment for us as Colombians and South Americans, because they
immediately.
No, the house was no furniture, nothing for Shemati.
And they told us two days before she came to Canalejar, then we have to fix the house,
we have to fix the house.
And they just rented because they took a long time to rent it, they cannot rent here, rent
there.
They didn't find a place until the last minute or two days before the puja.
Two days before Shemati arrived actually on Friday.
So somehow the Colombians bring a lot of pictures and a lot of decorations and because they
was thinking they had to decorate something because it was the puja of the South Americans.
So we built this house, practically we transformed the house.
We took out all the pictures, we clean it up, and we put all this fabric that Shemati
is talking after, we put the fabric everywhere.
We saw there all night and all days, we buy all these new kind of decorations and fix
the house.
It was one bedroom, really one bedroom in the front and one bedroom downstairs.
And after, we kind of fixed the house.
The most amazing thing is before Shemati came, before even they called that when she's coming,
we start feeling this peaceful, peaceful, very deep peaceful inside all of us.
So it was a very collected piece.
And we knew she's coming, we knew that the timing was very close, that she was getting
closer and closer to the house.
And we kind of slowed down, got ready, changed our clothes and got completely ready for Shemati.
And she made us ready because our Kundalini started jumping and we started feeling it.
And we all look at each other and we say, yes, she's here.
We started looking at each other and say, wow, she is coming.
And it was very fulfilling that feel, that love for Shemati.
She knew what we did and how good as an easy and put us calm down because we was all rushing,
fixing things and calm down us and get ready.
And when she stopped at the door, we was in such a state of joy and welcoming and such
a connected with her and that she invited us to her house.
We give the party to her and she came inside and we supposed to leave.
But no, she decided to invite us to her house and invite us to the little living room.
There was only like maybe 20 people can fit.
So we fit there and she asked us to do a little kind of puya practically.
She say, take out my socks.
We took out her socks and I have the privilege to be there.
And she say, put me con con and put me turmeric.
So we put the con con and we put the turmeric and sit down there.
And now you sit down and you sit down there.
Mr. CP was also there.
And she start talking with him about Columbia before she asking us.
She asked me, she said, how is Columbia in the politic, you know, and in her language.
And after she started talking to with us about Columbia, about and after this, many Colombians
actually got married that year, maybe five or six with and still marry in America.
So it was a very auspicious time for us as Colombians to be there in America with her
and to have this blessing to be so close and to full of vibrations.
She feel as vibrations.
Something that we asked her in that moment was like, please give us the power to express
Sahaja Yoga, to do her job, her to be her instrument.
And any and we see now many Colombians, they are doing this here in America and all over
the world.
So she might give us that day.
I feel a boom.
So I feel very blessed for that moment.
That it was in Canada, having many other ones.
I have another one, Kannahari is with my little son.
He was only three months and in 2002, he was only three months and we decide to go to Kannahari
with this little baby and camping.
So we went there and in a point I was very worried because the baby was very hot, 80
degrees Fahrenheit in that time.
And he, the baby don't want to drink, want to fall down, like sleeping all the time.
We had to take a shower, him to be able to kind of, and we decide to do at the same time,
I decided to do a very big album of all the children of America that had been born three
years before and present after the project to Shama.
So I didn't expect there was so many.
When I start doing the album, I expect maybe 50 people.
No, I have like 300 pictures.
So I had to buy another album and another album and another album and make it and help
all the yogis start helping me to put it together to show to Shama.
So the moment after the puja, I asked if I can do it and they say yes.
So I bring my baby with me and I bring the album and another yogi Niko was also married
and can I hurry and have another baby.
So we went together, Lilliana Walsh.
So we went together and offered the book and immediately she opened the book.
She say all from America and I say, yes, Shama, all these children is from America.
And she say, we had to open a school here because there's so many children and we had
to open a school in this place.
And she talked to Manoj and say, oh, we need to open a school.
Look at that.
So many children in America.
So for me, it's where he kind of very historical that moment.
Also I put the baby at the feet of Shama.
And I feel immediately I look at him.
I feel her, she's Kundalini moving in the top of the head and his fontanella.
And I say, oh my God, it's so beautiful to be able to see how she, she's so powerful
and of course as a child and how powerful she blessed him.
Thank you.
And this is it.
And after that, they did a school of Kanahari, school start one or two years after this.
I don't know what else.
I hope this is, I have many stories in Kanahari, but that they're the most important of them.
Well, that's beautiful.
But if either you or your mother wants to tell another story, Patricia, I think we've
got a bit more time.
I said, if either you or your mother wants to tell another story, we have a little bit
more time, I think.
Oh, I want to tell you a very amazing story in Colombia.
And my mommy also works here.
That would be lovely.
Yes, yes.
Okay.
So we, she met at the site in 19, I don't know.
In 1994, 1992.
I don't remember the dates exactly, but she came many times to Colombia.
And one of the times, I think it was 1992, she decided to go to Medellin.
Medellin in that time, 1992 exactly, yeah, was very violent.
Really, really the narco traffic took over the whole city and it started to put bombs
in the streets, in the malls, everywhere.
It was a mess because they was kind of very strong, the police within.
And they decided to get into the police and get to fighting with the people there.
So they want to destroy practically the city.
And she might tell you even that she say, I'm going to Medellin.
And Mr. CP say, you don't go to Medellin, it's too, too, too violent.
But she sees and insists when she came, she decided to, we go to Medellin.
And we wasn't not sure if she's coming or not to Medellin, no, because was the talk
of the, maybe she's coming, maybe not.
So we planned everything in Bogota.
And we did a very big program that 2,500 people show up.
And it was amazing program.
And after she say, no, we are going to Medellin.
So we didn't prepare a lot.
So we only rent a room for her in case we reserve a room for her.
We reserve also a hotel, a small one, a small kind of hotel room.
So maybe a thousand people or 900 people hotel room.
So we, we auditorium.
So we jumped in the plane and we went to Medellin to Medellin.
So we went to Medellin, we get there and we didn't have planned of publicity,
any publicity, very little.
So we was a little bit nervous and she was very confident that it's going to be perfect.
That program is going to be perfect.
It's going to be very good for the city, very good for us.
So we went with her and surrender everything.
So when we got there, she met all the jogies,
but so very few group people in Columbia and Medellin living there.
They already have the realization.
They are already jogies, maybe 10 people maximum.
And they received to her and they are at the airport with flowers.
And in that moment, one journalist was there and he asked, who is she?
And so nobody told her, told him that is very important spiritual human being.
And she's coming to do a very nice program.
And he started realizing that she speak English and he speak and
she spoke with her, she say, Shimataji, I want to interview you.
And he say, and Shimataji say, of course, come with me, come to the hotel with me.
So he jumped in the car with Shimataji and start talking with Shimataji.
And we go to the hotel, we all enter to the hotel and
they receive in the big presidential room.
Well, they have a very big room.
And so we sit down on the floor around her and
then listening to the journalist asking questions to Shimataji.
And in that moment, he start asking questions, what do you want to do here?
Who you are?
And in one point, he say, how about Jesus Christ?
Who is Jesus Christ for you?
And he say, Jesus Christ is very important,
very important, especially because they give us the forgiveness,
the power of forgiveness.
So they say, wow, the power, yeah.
How is the power of forgiveness?
They say, yeah, you will feel it.
Put your hands like this and you are going to say, all together here,
you are going to say the Lord's prayer.
You're going to say in Spanish.
So we all put our hands and we say the Lord's prayer.
And after we finish the Lord's prayer, we really was completely connected.
The journalist was completely absorbed.
He cannot believe what he was feeling.
And Shimataji say, did you see who is Jesus Christ?
And he was like, yeah, that's incredible what I'm feeling.
So Shimataji say, now what are you going to do?
How we are going to tell the rest of the people that I am here and
I'm going to give you this knowledge?
And he say, I'm going to the radio right now and
I'm going to tell everybody to come tonight to the program.
And so I want to ask you a favor, he say, I want to introduce you.
Allow me to introduce you in the room.
And Shimataji say, of course, come and introduce me.
So was incredible because after he left, we feel overwhelming,
light and overwhelming, happy and joyful.
But the most also that that was amazing blessing.
Another blessing was that he went to the radio, he invite everybody.
And the room was for more or less 3000 people waiting for
the realization, their realization.
And the talk, the introduction of the journalist was more beautiful than
any other yoga can do it.
Was incredible, well done.
So we need to find the video, the video is not so well, but it's very beautiful.
And it was amazing experience because from there, medicine changed completely.
It's another city, a city very well done, very clean, very perfect.
They have met to have many universities and many when wealth and
in many other ways, they have a lot of yogis now.
They have a lot of programs there.
And Shimataji sent a yogi to live there at the beginning.
Now there are many and it's a beautiful city now.
Yes, Shimataji.
Just Shimataji.
Just Shimataji, Patricia, that was wonderful, wonderful story.
And I think very relevant to our times as well, man.
Just how we can change, how our Sadriyogis can change whole cities.
Yeah, Shimataji has this power with us.
I hope we can do that.
Well, we're her channels, we have to.
We have to, we have to, yeah.
Yeah.
So I'm just going to stop the recording now.